fix(rpc): align nextBaseFee and invalid check for fee history (#1720)
evmos/ethermint: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Bug Fixes

> * (rpc) [#1720](https://github.com/evmos/ethermint/pull/1720) Add missing next fee in fee history, fix wrong oldestBlock and align earliest input as ethereum.

Author: ```suggestion
* (rpc) [#1720](https://github.com/evmos/ethermint/pull/1720) Fix next block fee for historical block and calculate base fee by params.
```
